There are two types of people to be considered here.
One that develops their own app thereby saving themselves tens of thousands of dollars.
And the other group that has to hire a person or app development company to design and produce their
app.
My friend spent over $70000 and that was with one major update to his entertainment game app.
He had to pay a mobile app development.
All that money and he lost 60 to 65 thousand on this investment.
For those who don't know how to code and are relying on your app developer My point here is if your
app gets seen you're going to have to continue its popularity by adding more and more updates and or
fixes to keep the customers coming back.
Major updates can keep costing you several thousand dollars each time depending on how many hours are
needed for that particular update.
Before you know it your app will cost a lot of money possibly six figures.
Trust me I've seen this happen time and time again.
Some key abbreviations you should be familiar with are you.
That's user interface.
The goal of the user interface design is to make the users interaction as simple and efficient as possible
in terms of accomplishing user goals.
U.S. stands for a user experience design user experience design is the process of enhancing user satisfaction
by improving the usability sensibility and pleasure provided in the interaction between the user and
the product.
And lastly you a user acquisition is the set of methodologies and systems to manage customer prospects
and inquiries generated by a variety of marketing techniques.
OK I'll see you in the next lecture.